Update Alpha 3 release note with Runtime changes (#106)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-release: release-notes/swan-lake-alpha3-release-note.md

#### Runtime

> ##### JAVA Runtime API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Java Runtime API
```

Or should this be
```suggestion
##### Runtime Java API
```

That's what we've used in the description.

> A new runtime Java API is introduced for creating distinct errors.
> ```java
> BError createError(Module module, String errorTypeName, BString message, BError cause, Object details)
> ```
> 
> With this change, the `createDistinctError` runtime Java API has been deprecated.

Reviewer: I thought this wasn't just for distinct errors? How about something like
```suggestion
A new runtime Java API is introduced to create errors.
```java
BError createError(Module module, String errorTypeName, BString message, BError cause, Object details)
```

Since distinct errors can be created using this API, the `createDistinctError` API has been deprecated.
```

Author: Actually, if you create any errors with createDistinctError, those will not work with hierarchical errors. That's a bug but we can't remove it until usages are removed from stdlibs.

Reviewer: How about something like

````suggestion
A new runtime Java API is introduced to create errors.

```java
BError createError(Module module, String errorTypeName, BString message, BError cause, Object details)
```

The `createDistinctError` API has been deprecated and should not be used to create distinct errors. The new `createError` API can be used instead.
````

##### Configurable Variables

Improved error messages are introduced for configurable variables by including more information and the relevant

>  `Config.toml` line numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 `Config.toml` line numbers.
 
```

#### Runtime

##### JAVA Runtime API

> New runtime java API is introduced for creating distinct errors which supports hierarchical errors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A new runtime Java API is introduced for creating distinct errors to support hierarchical errors.
```

Reviewer: @warunalakshitha, do we need the "to support hierarchical errors" part here? Can't any arbitrary error be created using this method?

Author: Yes. we do not need. This API should use create any arbitrary error.

Reviewer 2: Then let's change this to "A new runtime Java API is introduced for creating distinct errors to support any arbitrary error."

Author: I think "A new runtime Java API is introduced for creating distinct errors"

Reviewer 2: +1

```java
BError createError(Module module, String errorTypeName, BString message, BError cause, Object details)
```

> The runtime java API 'createDistinctError' is deprecated and recommend to use above error creation API. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The 'createDistinctError' runtime Java API is deprecated and is recommended to use above the error creation API. 
```

Reviewer: Can we just say
```suggestion
With this change, the `createDistinctError` runtime Java API has been deprecated.
```

Reviewer 2: +1

##### Configurable Variables

> Improved error messages for configurable variables by including more information and `Config.toml` line numbers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Improved error messages are introduced for configurable variables by including more information and adding line numbers in the `Config.toml` file.
```

Reviewer: I think what we are trying to say is that we include line number info in the error messages. Shall we say
```suggestion
Improved error messages are introduced for configurable variables by including more information and the relevant `Config.toml` line numbers.
```

Reviewer 2: +1
